is
a great opportunity to set pieces
Colombia team will also
epic fight comes the center up has
rejected the ball bounces is falcao
in the center for the radamel is still juan
Camilo winning the stripes is slowing down and
top colombia
it is a rover
the product of priority
two
they released that they could not let go
Falcao concentration told them he should
have the Uruguayan team order and
concentration ordered were but
they released the goal man at 9
need one I need two minutes
Falcao very important for Colombia very
important for colombia to open the
marker so fast it was going to close
Uruguay was going to start looking for Uruguay
close the spaces and bring
I despair the pekerman team and
quickie opens the bookmark there alone in
that area where it is infallible
the tiger of santa marta marks the first
already wins Colombia in the metropolitan or a
great moment to start the game of
the best possible way for the team
of pekerman as held by the technician
Argentinian
well really very euphoric no
only him but his entire technical staff
national
rodríguez
yes no
the house of the shark is of the
goals of victory that area
which is similar had not been fine
in the first half the ball was going
it bounced it did not control here
He joined his friend with his brother Falcao
raise your head with your fingers
lack of a diagonal
from teófilo gutiérrez exquisite pass of
10 the unwilling rodríguez pass brilliant
between stabbing lines look for
take advantage of the diagonal of terol the
definition between the skin between
thigh legs
in the first half before minute 2
He won Colombia with a foul in the second
time before the minute two towns
Colombia with Theophilus had change of
module and change of attitude in Uruguay
response from colombia is kid and lay
land cargo colombia producer
closed to the load Rodriguez in the part
lowers its diagonal screen on 7
market but this one
ah
another version is another this or advances
Uruguayan lines has a second time
in Colombia time and there he charges the
fernando team a very fast exit
by left good movement of the two
men in tip of the selected
coffee maker falcao dragged the whole world
Falcao is carried out at the end of there alludes to
no and appears theophilus that had already
marked right here does it with the
left before muslera that by third
once this game has to take the
ball the bottom three for zero wins
Colombia a team that had only
scored five goals so from the
Toria line here is released with three
before anyone else nobody else the champion of
america the Uruguayan national team
good
when the ball south of the pass
Darwin
run to quintero inside brand is
alvarito gonzález
and while the center for radamel few
Sanchez forgive me because the room is
walking macnelly
his league falcao Juan Camilo goal by
the roads of the hills
Colombia
everyone got all
Juan Camilo sent it to the fund has passed
the bet came out to Uruguay upside down
the fourth arrived not the discount in one
very good play
collective and home aldo leao ramírez
the right the left appears
sensational
Tiger
all talent of a polis pereira between
the legs
muslerae and prints that had already been
finish
Colombian his life falcao and two of
Theophilus for this triumph
it comforts me that it renews the elections
pp that seems to rejoin during
the visions that he